I can use diff -u (u for unfied diff format)
to compare files in my git bash terimnal
and I can use Vim to create/edit file which I'm doing now
The command for Windows Command Prompt is FC
I can also use Sublime or Nano for editing 
(Need to clarfy what I can do)
Tools like diff -u can quickly compare various 
files of the same program. This
is great for debugging and testing
or maybe innovation as well

How could having easy access to the entire
history of a file make you a more efficient
programmer in the long term?
Could fix new errors by comparing

What do you think are the pros and 
cons of manually choosing when to create
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having 
versions automatically saved, like Google 
Docs does? 
manaully allows user to display
logical change better while automatice
may not display logical changes, but
manual is prone to more user error
while automatic is good for forgetfulness


Why do you think some version control systems, 
like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file 
separately?
some like Git need mutiple files in one commit
to perform a single program the requires mutiple
languges. Google Docs doesn't need such file
intergration

How can you use the commands git log and git 
diff to view the history of files?
git log shows all the logged commits
while git diff compares two of these
selceted commits and displays
the lines added and deleted from the
two

How might using version control make you more 
confident to make changes that could break 
something? Well I now have the ability to revert
to previous commits and if I wanted I could
try to edit the reverted one and save which would
cause an unknown consequence for me. Also, I may 
forget what the orginal most recent comit ID
is which would be bad because I dont know how
to go back to the orginal head state without it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what 
do you want to try using Git for?
I want to use git to compile my future projects 
and to maintain general orgnization of my file 
streams. I also want to master Sublime and maybe 
one day Vim. I also wish to use git bash to
acquire jobs and opertunties (maybe freelance
and or remote) that will give me finiacal freedome


