Git commands (for this lesson)
& reflection prompts

git remote add orgin url   //adds remote repostory named orgin
git remote -v		// checks url was added correctly
git push orgin master (remote name, local branch name) // 
git pull orgin master ""  //

When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
You wold use a remote repositroy if you're not on your local computer.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather 
than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Not sure.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. 
When would you use one instead of another?
forks are clones that operate soley on git hub in order to give credit 
to the original creator. Clone is to copy a whole repostory from gitHub 
unto git on a local device. Branches streams of commits that 
are pushed or pulled or cloned. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state 
of the remote stored locally?
allows prgorammer to play around with the updated commit offline.
Also enables the abilty to fast forwad merge...

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?
What would be easier, and what would be harder?
It be easier to not take the course at all and just make up
some way to collaborate because it's a faster learning curve
but, it be harder that way because you probably wouldn't
create as effective and quick platforms such as github and git.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch 
rather than directly in master? What benefits does each 
approach have?
Well , if you wanted to focus on the different branch to further
modify this branch then you would want make changes on it. Possibly,
this branch could be a new direction that one is testing out or simply 
its additional feature to the master that's being developed. Although,
this is useful it complicates merge prcodeures and the interaction between
Git and GitHub. Making changes just to master is easier to proceed with
but allows less felxibitlity and disccourages collaboration unlike alternating
on a sperate branch which provides both.

